add formal page to Other language features (#23)
SpinalHDL/SpinalDoc-RTD: source/SpinalHDL/Other language features/formal.rst

Formal
==========

General
-------

There is limited support for SystemVerilog Assertions.

> To add Assertions to a Component for formal verification, repeating the practical example from before:

Reviewer: This sentence doesn't feels right... It feels like there is something missing (`repeating the practical example from before` reference an example that is not there)
maybe:
```suggestion
You can add formal statement (assume, assert ecc..) in the Component definition, like the example below:
```

Author: I meant the example from the assertion, but your sentence is much clearer.
